okay just thought I'd show a quick piece
of video it's currently making the mold
for the embryo and as you can see the
sculpture has a clay wall around the
exterior the other desert is to provide
a year separation for the two halves of
the mold and be one on the front and one
on the back as you can see up here I'm
just doing a bit of a test this new fix
of tropic risen paste as it's called
it's just basically just quite a thick
resin that you can paste over the ear
model when it's hard not sick gives the
impression of the sculpture okay so
we're just applying the arising coating
here with a brush and just making sure
that it's kind of good I even layer over
all of the sculpture
okay so we've now applied the layout of
gel missing after there it is nice and
hot well now doing is laminating the
whole thing with some glass fiber and
all that involves is pretty good fire
going like that then giving in a layer
of Britain now what happens is the resin
climate dissolves the glass fiber and it
become a little quite a gooey is into
down there and that'll eventually
hardened into a nice hard case which
will give support to the to the way I've
sorted on there okay so as you can see
over now to turn the sculpture over and
I'm just removing the clay wall which we
originally added to reveal the resin
case okay so we've now cleaned off the
clay wall
as you can see can now see leave back at
the fiberglass case what we're gonna do
now is actually take some Vaseline and
apply that to the edges of case and what
this does is act as AI separating agents
this will just stop the two sides
sticking together and give us a
two-piece mold and we can then put part
and fill with silicon
okay so we've now added a layer of fixed
tropic resin to the back of the Mont
which is now nice and hard
and what we're going to do now is we're
just preparing to laminate the whole
thing with some more glass fiber to give
a bit of strength okay so we now have a
finished mold both halves there's the
back off and I've just cleaned the edges
up slightly with a dremel you do get
requests sharp spikes sometimes where
there isn't now I want to try and do now
is literally just crack it open and that
really involves just driving a
screwdriver between two layers and
slowly prizing it apart so you can see
the mold slowly coming up pop it's just
really questioned now slowly easing it
out obviously the sculpture gets
destroyed the process of putting our
partner over this point we're gonna
clear it out and then through the
interior here with silicone okay so what
we're doing now just laying a layer of
clay on the inside of the mold here's
one of the empty ones I've cleaned most
of the sculpture as of now what we're
going to do is once the wall is put on
both sides and molding and put them
together then put something an expanding
foam to fill the cavity and what that'll
do is create a core for me main main
puppet which will then be covered in the
translucent silicon okay so here's the
foam core interior which I've just
pulled out on the mold you can see we
clay wore just down here and here's the
phone which is smaller than the actual
sculpture and will sit inside and see
there's the metal beam there which will
give it a loud to flex because cut quite
a large air bubble here but when you
rotate some of the excess foam which
just blows it out mold here just build
that up so it's actually filled in
okay so here's just a few shots of the
back of the mold basically the silicon
is going to be poured in through here
and here I basically cut these at the
highest point of the mold when it's
language is front so that when they're
selling its poured in it will just pour
through the whole mold okay so you just
crack the mold open so far it's looking
quite good back of the head the silicon
doesn't appear to have covered the foam
core it's not entirely problems we can
just cast a small section of the back
head and then glue that on so I'm going
to now try and pull the rest of it out
and hopefully the front of the mold will
be a will be fine
okay here's a few shots of the the
puppet being painted
because here's the finished puppet after
painting painting was a bit more
difficult than I thought it would be
actually and I wasn't entirely happy
with the finished result however it does
seem to photograph and film quite well
so I think it's not too bad in the end
as you can see I've punched a little bit
hair into the head as well the idea for
the thing cortisol being a test tube or
a kind of a large glass beaker filled
with fluid so I'm kind of hoping that
the the hair will wave as the fluid
moves around doing it quite cool look